WORK DELEGATION

---CODE---
Note: 
Deadlines mean when the work should be completed and committed to the repo by that day's midnight.
It should be made available for everyone else. 
If for any reason anyone is not able to deliver, please notify group 24 hours before the deadline.
(so that someone else may help you:) )
This is common courtesy. Thank you for your cooperation.

Adinda:	
- Query validation implementation. Add unit testing. [Deadline: Wed]
- Test cases for invalid queries in autotester format. Write Queries3-1.txt (pls read the autotester pdf)
[Deadline: Wed]
- Start writing your part for report [Deadline: Fri]

Hisyam: 
- Implement autotester. Try with source1, queries1-1, source2, queries2-1, 2-2, 2-3. 
Test intensively for iteration 1 and 2 [Deadline: Wed]
- Integration testing of PKB and PQL for this. [Deadline: Wed]
- Start writing your part for report [Deadline: Fri]

Lacie:
- Add QueryEvaluator unit testing. [Deadline: Thu]
- Implement pattern and unit testng [Deadline: Fri]
- Start writing your part for report [Deadline: Sun]

Kester: 
- Help Hisyam with autotester testing (Test intensively for iteration 1 and 2) [Deadline: hisyam's deadline]
- Start writing your part for report [Done on 13 Apr 10 pm]

Yolim: 
- Write source4.txt. Write queries 4-1.txt with complex queries with a mixture of modifies+pattern, follows+pattern etc[Deadline: Thu]
- Start writing your part for report [Deadline: Sun]

Ipsita:
- Test cases for Miniteraton 3. Write Queries3-2.txt, Queries3-3.txt, Queries3-4.txt. 
(each having at least 10 queries) [Deadline: Thu]
- Start writing your part for report [Deadline: Sun]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[HARD DEADLINE FOR EVERYONE: SUNDAY 13th APRIL]
---REPORT---
Note: 
Please read the requirements for your component 
before commencing work to avoid redoing or delaying the workflow. 
Assignment 4 can be found in our repo. 

Adinda:	
-4. UML diagrams
Include any UML diagrams that you found useful. For each diagram, explain how you used it (e.g., in
project planning, communication, test planning or in other situations), and comment on the value
the diagram added to your project.

-7. Query processing
7.1 Validating program queries
Describe query validation rules. An example of query validation rules is: “Checking if all relationships
have correct number and types of arguments”. DO NOT provide procedural description
(pseudocode) of how Query Pre‐processor checks the rules. Very briefly (1/2 page maximum),
describe how you encode validation rules, and how you perform query validation.
7.2 Design and implementation of Query Evaluator
Describe the data representation for program queries (query tree).
Describe how your Query Evaluator works. (can ask lacie to do after you are done)


Hisyam: 
- 8. Testing 

[Ipsita]Describe your approach to testing.
[Ipsita]Comment on the testing experience gained from this project.
[Ipsita]Be sure that you understand the role of the given AutoTester, integrate it with your SPA, and use it
to automate regression testing throughout the project.
[Ipsita]8.1 Describe your test plan 
8.2 Provide examples of test cases of different categories (this is in addition to the system
acceptance tests you submit with your SPA code)
	1) Unit Testing
		a) Provide TWO samples of specific unit test cases for SPA Front‐end, and two for Query
		Processor.
		b) If you used assertions, describe how and show examples.
	2) Integration Testing
		a) UML sequence diagrams show communication among SPA components. Use sequence
		diagrams to plan integration testing and indicate which integrations you have tested.
		b) Provide TWO sample integration test cases.
	
	3) System (Validation) Testing 
		a) Provide TWO sample test cases.
	Document each test case in a standard way as follows:
	Test Purpose: Explain what you intend to test in this test case.
	Required Test Inputs: Explain what program module (or the whole system) you test and what
	input must be fed to this test case.
	Expected Test Results: Specify the expected results for this test case




Lacie:
- PLS CREATE A SKELETON SO THAT EVERYONE CAN FILL IN THEIR PARTS [Deadline: WED]

-2. Scope of the prototype implementation
Indicate whether you have met basic requirements for the prototype described in the assignment.
Describe any bonus features and how you tested them.

-6. Coding standards and experiences
1) State coding standards adopted by your team.
2) Comment on what you have done to enhance the correspondence between abstract APIs
(specified in Assignment 4), and their concrete API counterparts (C++ classes).


Kester: 
-3. Documentation of abstract APIs (replace all the assignment 3's APIs and include proper descriptions)
Include a complete list of APIs of all design abstractions (similar to what you wrote in Assignment 3),
not only the ones you have implemented in the prototype. 

-5. Comments on design decisions [Refer to Assignment 4's "7. A check list of implementation issues"]
We will pay much attention to evaluating design decisions only in CS3202. For the prototype, it is up
to you if and how you comment on your design.



Yolim: 
-4.2 PKB
-9. Discussion
Free format. Here are examples of issues that you might address: 
1) What worked fine for you? What was a problem?
2) What would you do differently if you were to start the project again?
3) Comment on the experience gained in this project in respect to:
a) Working in the team,
b) Complexity of the SPA problem and program solution,
c) What you have learnt in this project course.
4) Comment on the tools used for the project
a) Were the recommended tools useful?
b) What other tools did you use (if any), and in what ways were they useful?
c) What were the problems you faced when using each tool?
d) In which areas would you like to have had more tool support?
5) What management lessons have you learned?
6) Suggest how this project course can be improved.



Ipsita:
-1. Development plan
Plan the activities for each team member. Activity is a smaller work unit than task. For example, you may have
an activity such as testing the interface to AST. Tasks consist of activities. Define activities of a size that you
feel comfortable planning with.

- 8. Testing 
Describe your approach to testing.
Comment on the testing experience gained from this project.
Be sure that you understand the role of the given AutoTester, integrate it with your SPA, and use it
to automate regression testing throughout the project.
	3) System (Validation) Testing [Ipsita]
		a) Provide TWO sample test cases.
	Document each test case in a standard way as follows:
	Test Purpose: Explain what you intend to test in this test case.
	Required Test Inputs: Explain what program module (or the whole system) you test and what
	input must be fed to this test case.
	Expected Test Results: Specify the expected results for this test case
